The Financial Management Association of Australia (FMAA) is a student-led body established in 1990 at The University of Melbourne with the support of Gold and Founding Sponsor Macquarie Group.

Today, the FMAA has expanded nationally to have a presence across 6 universities: The University of Melbourne, The University of Sydney, The University of Queensland, The University of New South Wales, Monash University, and the Australian National University. 

The FMAA actively promotes career awareness to students and facilitates connections with Australia’s leading employers through its keynote networking and sponsor tailored events, as well as its various case competitions. Additionally, student members are provided access to a weekly newsletter containing upcoming events, internship and graduate employment opportunities, and a recent corporate transaction update.

Over the years, the FMAA has rapidly become one of the most dynamic and enthusiastically supported student bodies on campus, earning a strong reputation for energy and professionalism from students, faculty, and sponsors alike. 

The FMAA has over 5,000 student members nationally. The genuine value offered to members underlies our continual growth and stamps the body as the leading professionally focused student organisation in Australia.

OUR HISTORY
1990
Paul Hameister OAM founded the FMAA at the University of Melbourne with the support of Gold and Founding Sponsor Macquarie Group.

This strong connection with Macquarie continues to this day with the FMAA NSW Financial Services Evening held at Macquarie’s Head Office in Sydney each year, and with Macquarie having permanent representation on FMAA’s Board.
1994
Following initial success in Melbourne, the FMAA was expanded to include a branch at the University of Sydney.

1995
Shortly after, a branch was created at the University of Queensland.
FMAA now had an established presence in 3 states across Australia.


2009
After a period focusing on gaining sponsors and building the FMAA’s offerings, a branch was established at the University of New South Wales. 

2012
Dual branches were established at both the Caulfield and Clayton campuses of Monash University. 
2021
The finance society at ANU was transitioned into an operating FMAA branch, providing members access to all FMAA had to offer nationally.
This expansion provided FMAA a branch at 6 of the Group of Eight Australian universities.


The FMAA Team
Board of Directors

Paul Hameister OAM

Co-Chairman


Peter Yates AM

Co-Chairman


Michelle Di Fabio

Secretary


Marion Maurice

Macquarie Group Representative


Prof John Handley

University of Melbourne Representative


A/Prof Joakim Westerholm

University of Sydney Representative


Dr Vanitha Ragunathan

University of Queensland Representative


Prof Jerry Parwada

University of New South Wales Representative


Wayne Huf

Monash University Representative


Dr Jo Drienko

Australian National University Representative


Tara Rastogi

University of Melbourne President


Brandon Lam

University of Sydney President


Gabriel Lohmann

University of Queensland President


Ofelia Zhao

University of New South Wales President


Maddison Farrow

Monash University President


Geordie Warfield

Australian National University President


Kento Hikima

National Treasurer


Julian Grollo

National Affairs Director